Add release notes for 100.10.0 and update release process (#714)
mongodb/mongo-tools: RELEASE.md

  of tickets tagged with the release version. (If the link doesn't work, you can access this through
  the release page for the version you are releasing.)
- Go through the list of tickets and check that each ticket is categorized correctly (as a task,

>   bugfix etc.). Make sure all tickets marked at `Mongo Internal` security level should be excluded except from Vulnerability Types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  bugfix etc.). Make sure that all tickets marked as `Mongo Internal` for their "Security Level" field are excluded from the release notes, _except_ for tickets created for third-party vulnerabilities. These vulnerability tickets will be linked to a corresponding ticket in the internal-only "VULN" Jira project.
```

- Insert a brief description of the release in place of `<INSERT-DESCRIPTION>`. Don't go into too
  much unnecessary detail.

> - Submit a PR with your changes under the release ticket number, request reviews from TAR team leads 
>   and Tools product manager. Merge once approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submit a PR with your changes under the release ticket number, request reviews from the TAR Team Leads
  and the DB Tools Product Manager. Merge once approved.
```
